Hello everybody will come back.
And this video we're going to finalize our script by just combining the predictions that we had with
our actual values and these are the identifiers pretty much mapping every user to whatever production
we did for the user.
We have done the same in previous studies.
So let's get start first.
What we do is we create a final bearable.
We're going to call it final results final results well.
And this is going to be a concatenation of two columns PD that concat and we're going to concatenate
the Y test which is a column of esign and fire user identifier which is our entreaties.
Now we're going to do it along the axis equals 1 meaning column axes.
So that makes each of these a color.
Finally we add drop in cases A's.
Is that the case for us.
But I always added as a safeguard.
So after we run these We're going to create the final column which is going to be final results that
predictions and it's going to be the predictions that we are we have made.
And of course they are just pretty great.
And finally we're going to just reordered these results in a way that makes more sense.
So we can find a resource for itself.
We are going to do with a new order of tolerance and it's going to be 450 in 380 which is the user identifier
e-zine which is whether or not the user actually you sign in real life.
And finally the predictions so run these three lines and that's it.
If we take a look at a console we look at final results and this is how it looks.
So scroll up a little bit and here you go.
So the entry ID is the user identifier is esign is 1 or 0 depending on the predictions here are 1.
So the predicate first Dorian Gray the second one is correct.
They are once incorrect correct.
Correct correct correct right.
Correct.
And so and so forth.
Well we know that the accuracy of four days is on the level of 63 percent.
So that's pretty good.
Anyways that said we have finalized our model.
We have mapped our model predictions to our users.
We have applied research and done everything we can do to clean the data and we have refined the matter
so we can present this to our higher ups and liberty in the future.
Thank you so much for watching.
It was very nice to bring this set of projects to you.
I'm going to keep working on making more projects like this.
But the next video we're going to touch on the final conclusions on this project and in our case study
have a great day and thank you very much for watching.